Ginger doesn't have a place for you at all
Get out
Hold on, I can't go like this if you hit me
That's right, Liu Yi has no credit in Jiangzi these years
There was hard work.
I can't be bullied by a trash like you
Apologize immediately. No
I made him kneel and kowtow and apologize.
He was just pretending
Why should I apologize?
Oh, dear.
Xiao Can Liu Yi just wants to give you money
You hit me in public without even apologizing
Do you have to leak all the movement?
Put away your false face
Since you won't take the initiative to apologize
Then I'll have to help you. Come on.
Break his legs
Kneel down in front of my mother and kowtow and apologize
I see who dares
Who is this?
Why does it look familiar?
His grandfather took him
Remember me?